Congratulations everyone,
you've officially made it to
the homework section of lesson three.
I don't know how much of a congratulations
that is, but yeah, we're here and
we're ready to kind of tell what you
need to do to get past this lesson.
First off, most of this is
going to be just exploring.
We want to make sure you take the time to
really let it sink in, all the things that
you've got to see throughout this course.
>> So?
>> Yeah, explore the 96Boards
Mezzanine page.
Go to the products page, go click around
the mezzanines, find out the resources.
See which ones have schematics,
which ones don't.
Maybe you want to complain and
let us know which ones don't, so
that we can start poking
people to get them.
Read through the Mezzanine guidelines.
It's a quick PDF,
it's a very interesting read.
Suggest you all doing that,
visit the mezzanine-community repository.
Now this is something you're
actually going to have to do.
We want you to propose a Mezzanine or
contribute to a current
thread on the issues section.
I'm not sure how we're going to be able
to enforce this, but we highly suggest or
highly recommend you do this.
So please visit that repository,
go click on the issues,
and just kind of poke around there.
>> Yeah,
take a look at the Qualcomm
Developer Network resources as well.
Take a look at the Snapdragon
410E app notes.
There's a whole bunch of app notes
there that tell you how to do
a whole bunch of stuff on the Snapdragon
410E and the DragonBoard 410c.
So take a look at those resources,
go play around,
go poke around some resources.
>> And finally,
you will find a bunch of assessments
either throughout the course or
at the end of this, throughout the lesson
and at the end of this lesson.
Please take the time to complete those.
Any suggested reading that you'll find,
please take the time to
read through those as well.
And we look forward to seeing
you in the next module.